---
layout: page
title: Join
---

The Elting Lab strives for an interdisciplinary, team-based approach to science. We are interested in recruiting trainees with backgrounds in physics, biology, chemistry, and/or engineering.

**We wholeheartedly believe that the more diverse our lab members are - both scientifically and in terms of life experiences - the more we will learn more from each other, and the better our science. Therefore, we welcome lab members regardless of race, religion, gender identification, sexual orientation, age, or disability status.**

If you're interested in joining our research efforts in the future, you're welcome to contact Dr. Elting to inquire about possible positions. Please see instructions below.

## Undergraduate students

Send Dr. Elting an email (mary.elting at ncsu dot edu) with a short description of your interest in the lab, research experience (if any), goals, and potential time commitment. Please include the phrase: "Elting Lab Application" in the subject of your email. Students who can commit to an average of at least 10 hours per week will be considered.

## Graduate students

See the <a href="https://www.physics.ncsu.edu/graduate/">Graduate Programs website</a> for information about applying to the NC State Physics Department. Admitted students may send Dr. Elting an email (mary_elting at ncsu dot edu) with a short description of your scientific background, research experience, goals, and interest in the lab. Please include the phrase: "Elting Lab Application" in the subject of your email.

## Postdoctoral scholars

We are not currently recruiting postdocs, but exceptional candidates may be considered. Send Dr. Elting an email (mary_elting at ncsu dot edu) with your CV and a cover letter describing your background, research experience, and why you're interested in the lab. Please include the phrase: "Elting Lab Application" in the subject of your email.
